Andrew Barth:
Hello, we're students at the
University of Cincinnati,
Andrew Barth:
and we would like to
introduce you to the CableCat.
Andrew Barth:
Our big idea, for the exploration of the
lunar permanently shadowed regions,
Andrew Barth:
solves the problem of delivering power
to areas of limited or no sunlight.
Andrew Barth:
Once arriving at the PSR, our CableCat
will serve as a power hub
Andrew Barth:
for visiting vehicles to come and recharge
and continue their own science missions.
Caleb Bisig:
Hi, I'm Caleb Bisig, here to introduce
the key functionality of our robot.
Caleb Bisig:
So the design of our robot is a spool
with independently controlled wheels
Caleb Bisig:
capable of navigating around the lunar surface
while passively unspooling power cable.
Caleb Bisig:
This cable would be up to 100 meters long,
allowing our robot to bring power from the base
to anywhere the robot's capable of reaching.
Jacky Wang:
Hey, this is Jacky, and we are going to talk
about the mechanical design of this project.
Jacky Wang:
We have three different ways
to keep it from falling over.
Tom Wu:
Hi, I'm Tom. First of all, do you know
the structure of the segway?
Tom Wu:
It has a gyroscope and
it can achieve self-balance.
Jimmy Shan:
Hey, this is Jimmy. Secondly, I considered
elongating the length of the shaft
Jimmy Shan:
so that the stability of the robot will increase.
Neo Yang:
Hello, this is Neo. At last, we can put
hemispherical protection nets
Neo Yang:
on the side of the wheels.
It can protect the camera
and prevent it from rolling over.
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
Hi, my name is Prithev, and I am
working on stablization of the robot.
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
The camera sensors that [are] used
for navigation purposes
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
[are] attached to an extension
of the central hub of the robot
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
and the camera sensors are continuously
capturing the environment
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
and providing those data
to the onboard computer,
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
and for this purpose,
the robot has to be stable,
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
and we are planning to
achieve this stability
Prithev Govindasamy Srinivasan:
with the help of a ring-laser gyroscope
and the gimbal mechanism.
Aratrika Pan:
Hi, I'm Aratrika Pan, and I will be describing
some additional features of the CableCat.
Aratrika Pan:
The power ports are located
up the edge of the hemispherical frame
Aratrika Pan:
and provide an elevated charging station
for approaching vehicles.
Aratrika Pan:
The central hub contains
thermally sensitive electronics,
Aratrika Pan:
including the IMU, processor,
battery, and drive motors.
Aratrika Pan:
The battery will be used to augment
the power from the lander
Aratrika Pan:
in scenarios where maximum
drive and torque is required.
Michael Saxer:
Hello, my name is Michael Saxer
and we are designing our rover
Michael Saxer:
to survive the extreme highs and lows
of the lunar temperature environment,
Michael Saxer:
which includes the permanenty shadowed
regions which can get as low as 25 Kelvin.
Tim Hammer:
My name's Tim Hammer, we will be using
a lunar soil replicant to test our rover.
Tim Hammer:
As you can see here, we are expecting slopes
anywhere from 30 to 35 degrees max,
Tim Hammer:
we will be testing our rover with.
Michael Saxer:
We also plan on creating
a lunar sandbox to test our rover
Michael Saxer:
here at the University of Cincinnati.